document r2.dev rate limit on R2 limits page (#6960)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/r2/platform/limits.md

{{</Aside>}}

> ## Rate limiting on managed public buckets through r2.dev
> 
> Managed public bucket access through a r2.dev is not intended for production usage, and has a rate limit applied to it.
> When exceeding this rate limit, requests through your r2.dev subdomain will temporarily get throttled, and receive a 429 Too Many Requests response.
> For production use cases, consider linking a [custom domain](/r2/data-access/public-buckets/#custom-domains) to your bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Rate limiting on managed public buckets through `r2.dev`

Managed public bucket access through an `r2.dev` subdomain is not intended for production usage, and has a rate limit applied to it. When exceeding this rate limit, requests through your `r2.dev` subdomain will be temporarily throttled, and receive a `429 Too Many Requests` response. For production use cases, consider linking a [custom domain](/r2/data-access/public-buckets/#custom-domains) to your bucket.
```
